Add notice for calver & dropping ubuntu 16.04 (#190)
rapidsai/docs: _notices/rsn0009.md

---
layout: notice
parent: RAPIDS Support Notices
grand_parent: RAPIDS Notices
nav_exclude: true
notice_type: rsn
# Update meta-data for notice
notice_id: 9 # should match notice number
notice_pin: true # set to true to pin to notice page

> title: "Drop Ubuntu 16.04 in v0.20"

Reviewer: Maybe `Stop supporting Ubuntu 16.04 in v0.20 / v21.06.0`?
Stop supporting sounds friendlier, and we can mention the new calver

Author: Agreed

notice_author: RAPIDS Ops
notice_status: In Progress
notice_status_color: yellow
# 'notice_status' and 'notice_status_color' combinations:
#   "Proposal" - "blue"
#   "Completed" - "green"
#   "Review" - "purple"
#   "In Progress" - "yellow"
#   "Closed" - "red"
notice_topic: Platform Support Change
notice_rapids_version: "v0.20"
notice_created: 2021-05-05
# 'notice_updated' should match 'notice_created' until an update is made
notice_updated: 2021-05-05
---

## Overview

Ubuntu 16.04 is now at end-of-life, which means RAPIDS will no longer publish any images built on Ubuntu 16.04.

Additionally, gpuCI CPU builds will be converted over to use CentOS 7 instead of Ubuntu 16.04.

## Status

> Dropping full suport for Ubuntu 16.04 is on-going effort.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Dropping full support for Ubuntu 16.04 is an ongoing effort.
```

## Impact

> Users should consider switching to any of the following supporting operating systems for any `rapidsai/rapidsai` image:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Users should consider switching to any of the following supported operating systems for any `rapidsai/rapidsai` image:
```
